[FEATURE] JSONSchema profiler creates basic suites (#1633)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/how_to_guides/creating_and_editing_expectations/how_to_create_a_suite_from_a_json_schema_file.rst

5. **Create the suite**

    .. code-block:: python

        suite = profiler.profile(schema, suite_name)

6. **Save the suite**

    .. code-block:: python

        context.save_expectation_suite(suite)

7. **Generate Data Docs and review the results there**

    .. code-block:: bash

        great_expectations docs build

You can iterate on the Expectations to get dial in the Suite you want using ``great_expectations suite edit``.

Additional notes
----------------

.. important::

    Note that there is not yet a notion of nested data types in Great Expectations so suites generated use column map expectations.

The full example script is here:

.. code-block:: python

    import json
    import great_expectations as ge
    from great_expectations.profile.json_schema_profiler import JsonSchemaProfiler

    jsonschema_file = "YOUR_JSON_SCHEMA_FILE.json"
    suite_name = "YOUR_SUITE_NAME"

    context = ge.data_context.DataContext()

    with open(jsonschema_file, "r") as f:
        raw_json = f.read()
        schema = json.loads(raw_json)

    print("Generating suite...")
    profiler = JsonSchemaProfiler()
    suite = profiler.profile(schema, suite_name)

>     context.save_expectation_suite(suite)

Author: Note as a follow on PR I'll need @kyleaton to show me how to wire up discuss.

Author: Nevermind! I stumbled upon the howto discuss howto guide! 🎉

Reviewer: 🎉

.. _how_to_guides__how_to_create_a_suite_from_a_json_schema_file:

How to create a new Expectation Suite from a jsonschema file
============================================================

The ``JsonSchemaProfiler`` helps you quickly create :ref:`Expectation Suites` from jsonschema files.

.. admonition:: Prerequisites: This how-to guide assumes you have already:

  - :ref:`Set up a working deployment of Great Expectations <getting_started>`
  - Have a valid jsonschema file

Steps
-----

1. **Set a filename and a suite name**

    .. code-block:: python

        jsonschema_file = "YOUR_JSON_SCHEMA_FILE.json"
        suite_name = "YOUR_SUITE_NAME"

2. **Load a DataContext**

    .. code-block:: python

        context = ge.data_context.DataContext()

3. **Load the jsonschema file**

    .. code-block:: python

        with open(jsonschema_file, "r") as f:
            raw_json = f.read()

>             schema = json.loads(raw_json)

Reviewer: Small stylistic query, why not:
```suggestion
            schema = json.load(f)
```

4. **Instantiate the profiler**

    .. code-block:: python

        profiler = JsonSchemaProfiler()

5. **Create the suite**

    .. code-block:: python

        suite = profiler.profile(schema, suite_name)

6. **Save the suite**

    .. code-block:: python

        context.save_expectation_suite(suite)

7. **Generate Data Docs and review the results there**

    .. code-block:: bash

        great_expectations docs build

> You can iterate on the Expectations to get dial in the Suite you want using ``great_expectations suite edit``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. **Optionally, generate Data Docs and review the results there.**

    Data Docs provides a concise and useful way to review the Expectation Suite that has been created.

    .. code-block:: bash

        context.build_data_docs()

     You can also review and update the Expectations created by the profiler to get to the Expectation Suite you want using ``great_expectations suite edit``.
```

Reviewer: Small tweak here since the rest of the workflow directly uses the Data Context API

Additional notes
----------------

.. important::

>     Note that there is not yet a notion of nested data types in Great Expectations so suites generated use column map expectations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Note that JsonSchemaProfiler generates Expectation Suites using column map expectations, which assumes a tabular data structure, because Great Expectations does not currently support nested data structures.
```
